[docs] updated governance doc (#5778)
aptos-labs/aptos-core: developer-docs-site/docs/concepts/governance.md

## Who can propose

> - To either propose or vote, you must stake, but you are not required to run a validator node. However, we recommend that you be a validator with a stake and be a part of the validator set. 

Reviewer: nit: Rationale for why becoming a validator is recommended is that users will also gain rewards.

> - To either propose or vote, you must stake, but you are not required to run a validator node. However, we recommend that you be a validator with a stake and be a part of the validator set. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To either propose or vote, you must stake, but you are not required to run a validator node. However, we recommend that you run validator with a stake as part of the validator set to gain rewards from your stake.
```

:::tip
Each stake pool can only be used to vote on each proposal exactly once.
:::

## Who can resolve

> - Anyone can resolve an on-chain proposal that has passed voting requirements. To resolve a proposal, you can use the `aptos governance execute-proposal` command from Aptos CLI. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Anyone can resolve an on-chain proposal that has passed voting requirements by using the `aptos governance execute-proposal` command from Aptos CLI. 
```

## Aptos Improvement Proposals (AIPs)

> AIPs are proposals created by the Aptos community or the Aptos Labs team to improve the operations and development of the Aptos chain. 

Reviewer: I would omit "the Aptos Labs team"

> AIPs are proposals created by the Aptos community or the Aptos Labs team to improve the operations and development of the Aptos chain. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
AIPs are proposals created by the Aptos community to improve the operations and development of the Aptos blockchain. 
```

> To submit an AIP, create an issue in [`Aptos Foundation's github repository`](https://github.com/aptos-foundation/AIPs/issues). 

Reviewer: Can we add a callout that they should also follow the template there?

> To submit an AIP, create an issue in [`Aptos Foundation's github repository`](https://github.com/aptos-foundation/AIPs/issues). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To submit an AIP, create an issue in [`Aptos Foundation's github repository`](https://github.com/aptos-foundation/AIPs/issues) using the [template](https://github.com/aptos-foundation/AIPs/blob/main/TEMPLATE.md)
```

> To keep up with new AIPs, check the #aip-announcements channel on Aptos' discord channel. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To keep up with new AIPs, check the #aip-announcements channel on [Aptos' discord channel](https://discord.gg/aptoslabs). 
```

> To keep up with new AIPs, check the #aip-announcements channel on [Aptos' discord channel](https://discord.gg/aptoslabs). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To keep up with new AIPs, check the `#aip-announcements` channel on [Aptos' discord channel](https://discord.gg/aptoslabs). 
```

To view and vote on on-chain proposals, go to [`Aptos' Governance website`](https://governance.aptosfoundation.org/). 

## Technical Implementation of Aptos Governance

> The majority of governance logic are in [`aptos_governance.move and voting.move`](https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-core/blob/main/aptos-move/framework/aptos-framework/sources). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The majority of the governance logic is in [`aptos_governance.move and voting.move`](https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-core/blob/main/aptos-move/framework/aptos-framework/sources). 
```

The `aptos_governance` module outlines how users can interact with Aptos Governance. It's the external-facing module of the Aptos on-chain governance process and contains logic and checks that are specific to Aptos Governance.
The `voting` module is the Aptos governance standard that can be used by DAOs on the Aptos chain to create their own on-chain governance process.

> If you are thinking about creating a DAO on Aptos, you can refer to `aptos_governance`'s usage of the `voting` module as an example. 

Reviewer: Can you add more details on the functionalities of the voting module and may be just simple explanation of how a DAO can leverage them? We'll add a more detailed tutorial soon.
